Add test policy to CONTRIBUTING.md (#14337)
elixir-lang/elixir: CONTRIBUTING.md

[the official build status](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/actions/workflows/ci.yml).
More tasks can be found by reading the [Makefile](Makefile).

We encourage contributors to write tests that capture both existing and newly
introduced behavior, especially for bug fixes and major changes:

  * **Bug Fixes:** If you are fixing a bug, please try to include a test that
    *fails* before your change and *passes* afterward. This makes it easier to
    confirm that the fix addresses the underlying issue and helps prevent
    regressions in the future.
  * **New Features or Major Changes:** If you are adding a new feature or making
    major changes to existing functionality, please add tests that cover the

>     major parts of that functionality. Perfect coverage isn’t required, but we
>     do ask that you exercise the main use cases and scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    major parts of that functionality. Aim to have the best code coverage possible.
```
